# Here are variables related to the Tomcat installation

tomcat_version: 7.0.63
tomcat_download_url: "http://mirrors.ukfast.co.uk/sites/ftp.apache.org/tomcat/tomcat-7/v{{ tomcat_version }}/bin/apache-tomcat-{{ tomcat_version }}.tar.gz"

http_port: 9090
https_port: 8443

# This will configure a default manager-gui user:

admin_username: admin
admin_password: adminsecret

# Here are variables related to the oracle installation

oracle_http_port: 8080
oracle_db_port: 1521

# This is the password for SYS user 
oracle_password: manager

# Here are the variables related to the Web Center Sites installation

wcs_database_user: csuser
wcs_database_password: csuser
wcs_database_host: localhost
wcs_database_sid: XE

wcs_installer_directory: /opt/oracle/install

wcs_install_directory: /opt/oracle/wcs
wcs_install_app_server_type: tomcat5
wcs_install_type: single
wcs_install_webserver_address: localhost
wcs_install_webserver_port: 9090

wcs_install_avisports_site: false
wcs_install_engage: true

wcs_install_fsii: false
wcs_install_samples: false

wcs_shared_directory: /mnt/wcs-shared
app_server_path: /usr/share/tomcat
database_type: Oracle10
wcs_datasource: csDataSource
wcs_context_path: /cs/

cas_host_name: wcs.192.168.60.5.xip.io
cas_port_number: 9090
cas_host_name_local: localhost
cas_port_number_local: 9090
cas_host_name_actual: localhost